hey everybody found lost time for dark
rock ventures which like I said Wright
brothers on Kickstarter right there you
wanna go check out the particulars just
from designer Mike SQ who previously did
the very nice little council of Verona
which was a neat little Romeo and Juliet
inspired micro game that we actually
enjoyed one of the few micro games we
played that actually we thought actually
worked pretty well as a two-player game
rarity to be sure and so now trying out
dark rock ventures this is a very solid
game michael has come up with a really
good worker placement game that has oh
you know the majority the fun from this
game comes from rolling and manipulating
the dice but the brilliant part of it is
you have to commit to what you're going
to do before you roll your dice so it's
a very very tense I mean because you
know you know I mean if you take these
dice mitigation spaces that's going to
significantly up your chances but if you
didn't need to because you had a pretty
good chance anyway you've wasted these
guys who could have been off making
money somewhere else or doing other
actions for you so that can be a really
tough choice to make but you got to make
it before you roll the dice and then you
know it all comes down to roll in that
dice although with if you have enough
deutronium you can reroll the neutronium
died to give yourself more and more
choices um and I owe the once the pirate
start showing up so that's another you
you want a hold on your neutronium to
save yourself from that but neutronium
can give you re rolls so that you don't
need to waste your workers you know with
lucky mitigation so there's you know a
lot of tension a lot of choices what to
do with your very small worker crew in a
game that it plays very very fast I mean
you will get to the end of this game
very quickly you know the more players
you have you know the the more
opportunities there are to gobble this
stuff up so you know it's very very
solid very enjoyable you know great
little worker placement game my only
complaint about it is as solid as it is
when Jen I play is a two-player game we
keep thinking to ourselves wow this game
would be so much more interesting with
more players because I'm really
surprised that there's no scaling for
two players you know there's the exact
same number of work replacement spaces
and you know there's just as my and with
only two players the Pirates are much
less likely to hit us you know if there
are more players
head all over the board the Pirates
every turn are very likely getting hit
somebody but Jen I we've had almost
entire games were hey you know what
every German the Pirates just keep
missing over and over and over again so
they become almost you know uh a non
entity in the game because we on be
because the board didn't tighten up as a
two-player game and then on top of that
we found that there just really wasn't
that much tension it's always ideal to
go first because there's always one
space it's the best but there's so many
other spaces that are really good as
well I mean hey if you didn't get the
space you want to mind well then your
first move can be the rover so that you
can still get in there if you need to
and I'm yo oh you didn't get the the
dark vortex because you were worried
about mitigating well then just take the
precision engineering instead because up
with only two players there are plenty
of space to go around oh well you know
what this turn I guess I'll just do some
solar collecting instead of doing
harvesting because the best space is
already taken now I suspect with more
players these spaces are going to get
gobbled up a lot faster and the delegate
action is going to become much more
attractive gen-i in a two-player game we
have never felt the need to delegate
we've never felt the need to spend an
entire guy to be able to take an action
someplace else just because there are so
many other options cuz again for
whatever reason the board did get tight
now don't get me wrong it still plays
very well as a two-player game it's very
solid the you know the drama and the
tension of the dice and trying to get
what you need and rolling more and more
dice and you're going for the long shot
of like mining in three different places
in one time you know the game still
works very very nicely but on the whole
considering that you know without as
much competition on the board you know
you're always going to be able to do big
big exports everybody's going to be able
to hire their captain and you known and
get a multiple dice there's you know it
becomes a little bit more homogeneous
and yellow the game strange because
you'll pretty much do everything every
time because you won't have to pick and
choose right well this game I'm going to
really try and get a bigger crew I'm
going to really try and save with my
money to get more dice I'm going to
really try to increase my cargo hold so
I can get for bigger sales or whatever
in this game with only two players
you're pretty much get to do all that
stuff and so that's kind of a shame
uh-huh I definitely think the game is
going to be phenomenal
really a lot of fun as a 3 or 4 player
game but is a two player it's good it's
okay it's entertaining but you know it
seems like 24 in our two behind just a
slightly missed opportunity we'd still
enjoy playing it but really as we're
playing is two player game we're
constantly thinking man if we had
another player here that'd be a lot more
interesting it's really a shame the game
didn't come up a sound like you know
dummy players like what you call it the
way dungeon pets works where there's a
dummy player who just moves or there's
like you know multiple dummy players
that move clockwise always you can see
you can plan right next turn the dummy
players are going to occupy this space
or this space of this space so the board
will get tightened up so that things
will get much more challenging then I
think the two player would really start
to sing much like it does in Dungeon
pets where they didn't you know tighten
up the board they just put dummy players
who followed very simple prescriptive
paths I think the game really could have
used that but again that's only a
complaint for two players if you are
gonna be playing with more I don't think
you can have a problem with that at all
and that folks is dark rock ventures if
you have any questions comments concerns
as always let me know once again you
know the Kickstarter linking it though I
by hovering over the video in the top
right corner or its links down the show
notes as well better than that I'm just
gonna say thanks for watching everybody
talk to you later so long Oh bye-bye